# aspace_onbase
An ArchivesSpace plugin that supports uploading external documents to be stored in OnBase.
Developed for Dartmouth College.

## Installing it

To install, just activate the plugin in your config/config.rb file by
including an entry such as:

     # If you have other plugins loaded, just add 'container_management' to
     # the list
     AppConfig[:plugins] = ['local', 'other_plugins', 'aspace_onbase']

And then clone the `aspace_onbase` repository into your
ArchivesSpace plugins directory.  For example:

     cd /path/to/your/archivesspace/plugins
     git clone https://github.com/hudmol/aspace_onbase.git aspace_onbase


## Database Migration

This plugin comes with some database schema changes
that need to be applied.  To run the migration:

  1. Run the database setup script to update all tables to the latest
     version:

          cd /path/to/archivesspace
          scripts/setup-database.sh


## Configuration

This plugin requires the following configuration:

     AppConfig[:onbase_robi_url] = "http://url.of.your.robi.service/api/documents"
     AppConfig[:onbase_robi_username] = "username"
     AppConfig[:onbase_robi_password] = "password"

     # Upload keywords to Onbase every 10 seconds
     AppConfig[:onbase_keyword_job_interval_seconds] = 10

     # Find and remove ArchivesSpace Onbase documents that were never
     # linked to an ArchivesSpace record (once a minute).
     AppConfig[:onbase_delete_unlinked_documents_cron] = "* * * * *"

     # When deleting an unlinked document, only consider deleting
     # records that have been unlinked more than this many seconds.
     #
     # Note: newly created Onbase documents (that have never been
     # linked to anything) are never deleted automatically.
     AppConfig[:unlinked_onbase_document_ttl_seconds = 86400

     # Find and removed Onbase documents (in ArchivesSpace) that don't
     # exist in OnBase anymore
     #
     # This can take a while, so just run once a day (1:05am)
     AppConfig[:onbase_delete_obsolete_documents_cron] = "5 1 * * *"


## Document Types and Keywords

The file `lib/document_keyword_definitions.rb` describes the Document Types available
to records and their mappings to the keywords to be generated by the system or required
for user input.

For example:

     "SPCL-Preservation Photos" => {
       :supported_records => [:event],
       :fields => [
         {:type => "text", :keyword => :conservation_number},
         {:type => "generated", :generator => :event_system_id},
         {:type => "generated", :generator => :linked_record_system_id},
         {:type => "generated", :generator => :record_identifier},
       ]
     },

This entry defines the "SPCL-Preservation Photos" document type which is only available to event
records. The document type requires one user defined keyword "conservation_number" and three system
generated keywords "event_system_id", "linked_record_system_id" and "record_identifier".

System generated keywords are generated upon save of the record
containing the onbase document.  Each `:generator` entry has a
corresponding definition in
`backend/model/document_keywords_generator.rb` that defines the logic
for producing the keywords. For example, `:event_system_id` maps to
logic to extract the event's database ID with a label "Event ID":

     GENERATORS = {
         :event_system_id => proc {|record| Keyword.new(:event_id_keyword, DocumentKeywordsGenerator.just_id(record['uri']))},
         ...

Once generated, these `Keyword` objects are then serialized to JSON and formatted to match the
keyword structure required by the ROBI service.

### Mapping keyword codes to Onbase keywords

As discussed, keywords are produced via two means:

  * By "generated" field definitions.  The generator code is invoked,
    and produces a `Keyword` instance to be sent to OnBase.

  * By "text" field definitions.  These correspond to text input boxes
    that are filled in manually by users.  These get sent through
    directly to OnBase as keywords.

In both cases, we end up with a symbol representing a keyword that
should be mapped to a string from the OnBase controlled vocabulary.
These mappings are located in the `keywords.yml` file at the top of
the plugin distribution.  If new keywords are added to OnBase they'll
need to be added to this file too.
